you
hold it still let everybody see your new
tail oh that looks funny it's going to
get free in a few weeks though Hey look
look look at me look at me are you doing
are you going no you can't have all the
leftover food no see you didn't eat the
pork I tried to offer you some look at
the day hahaha hold still hold still he
amputates young I can't get focused I
can't get it focused on that little part
look at that day what are you doing you
can climb on in my belly full you're my
belly it's a full belly okay so we got
everybody see the new Te'o for Christmas
oh god that looks weird ya gotta live
with it huh don't dip your tail in the
leftovers okay say good bye bye